# This is the submission of the EC601 mini project 1.
First, to download pictures from twitter accounts, use the 'download pictures' code. You should enter your own consumer key, consumer secret, access token, access secrest to acquire access rights. Then you modify the screen name, where I entered 'NBA', to visit the twitter account that you want. And you can also input different numbers to acquire different numbers of picture. For example, you can input 'python xxx.py 5' to get 5 pictures. If you enter a wrong twitter account, "The twitter account is wrong!" will be output.

After you get pictures, it's time to convert them into videos. The code of 'converting' should be used in the command line, after you download 'ffmpeg'. You can modify the parameters to adapt your pictures' size and to meet your own demands.

Last, to use google vision API to analyse the video which is generated by last step. You should first acqiure .json file and enter the command 'set GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS="PATH"'. PATH is where your .json file is stored. Then you can run 'analysing' and finally enjoy the result!

For miniproject 3, I have changed my code in miniproject1, such as combining downloading pictures and analysing pictures and add to rename function to help implement it easierly.
First, you should create your own database, then run 'create table in database.py' to create a table. Every time you run 'download and analyse pictures.py', it will download pictures and analyse it and add these picture_id and labels to database automatically. If you want to search for some centain label, run 'search label.py'. 
